Pets Overhaul turns all of your solely cosmetic purposed Pets to directly impact and enhance your gameplay with unique, interesting, build-defining effects and abilities for every situation there is!

Download: 'Pets Overhaul: Calamity Addon', if you're using Calamity Mod alongside Pets Overhaul to enhance your Pets Overhaul experience!

Remember to use /pet to get further info on your questions & other useful stuff regarding the mod, such as Junimo Levels leaderboard & more!
And to view any class or type of Pet to your liking, use /pet pets or /pet class [args] command!

Additions
- +65 Pet Effects that are; Complex, Unique, build-defining and aiding you with even non-combat tasks!
- With their unique Quality Rolling system, 10 new Light Pet effects!
- A new Pet Tamer Town NPC, who can combine two Light Pets into one that inherits highest qualities of both! Once you equip a Pet of your own, he will be interested in moving in!
- More than 10 Town Pet buffs obtained by "petting" the Town Pets!
- Extremely rare Mastery Shard item dropping from any mob and 100% chance only once per world from select bosses allowing you to craft Master Mode exclusive Pets in Non-Master Mode worlds!
- Added Crafting Recipes for every single Pet, although costly, allowing you to get the Pet you want in an alternative way if you can't obtain it the original way! They all are crafted on a Pet Forge, which is bought from Pet Tamer, and contain the Pet Food item, which can be obtained by various means, or again bought from Pet Tamer.

Pets Overhaul currently supports Simplified Chinese, Russian and Brazilian Portuguese besides English for localization options. (See below for credits)

To give direct feedback, report bugs or to give suggestions join our Discord server!
https://discord.gg/KubSpqvDGE

Check out our GitHub Page to check the code, contribute & submit issues!
https://github.com/BugraPearls/Pets-Overhaul

Check out our Patreon Page (patreon.com/pearlying) if you'd like to support the Mod!

Check out Community made addon for Wrath of the Gods! Done by: Redemption

Mod Trailer video, Most icons and artwork made by: Furqi
Chinese Translation by: ROH
Russian Translation by: Teokai
Brazillian Portuguese Translation by: Erstarisk
Previous Chinese Translation by: Celestepic
Previous Brazillian Portuguese Translation by: Starite_Fusion
Buff Icons by: Furqi & konte1m
Pet Forge Sprites by: Piper
Much thanks to my entire community for providing me with Feedback & bug reports & testings!
and thanks to ROH, WaffleDevs, Andro951 and tModLoader community for helping/contributing to the code!